I can hear you.
If that's the case,
I'll show you my true colors.
I won't let you sleep.
Even if you're a man,
you can't be a man.
I'm afraid that you'll kill
the woman you love,
and the woman you love.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'll have to ask the man.
trade yourself in chess phones.
Eat the knife.
It's kot kommt.
Cut it out.
ン
All must beeties,
can be used to warm water.
It is this leaf with a mushroom,
that is time-consuming.
..Magirobe...
.. wipes the tears
..once in the past
Now, too, my wife
Look at the garden.
So our son is here.
How's he?
Good.
Now, what's your name?
Honore…
Tian Kou?
銀xe?
he Ну, place is good to leave,
truly forgot about you.
Actually I forgot.
and the
game
over
Thank you for watching!